Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

CABIN CREW QUESTIONS

Page 1 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 01 - Silent check is to allow cabin crew in a very short time to get mentally ready & to react effectively in the Event of any emergency. A- True. B- False.
Q 02 - Before each flight the exit door must be checked to confirm the following A-Emergency opening. B-Normal opening. C-Both answers are correct.
Q 03- The command "purser to cockpit "is given in case of : A - Severe turbulence. B - Prepared for emergency. Cockpit crew incapacitates or bomb threat C - Fueling with PAX on board
Q 04 - If a heavy smoke in the cabin during flight what action has to be taken? A - Make PA announcement, advice passengers to covering nose and mouth B - Use MRT to deploy oxygen masks . C - Pull down the mask and breath normally
Q 5 -The white separation handle for escape-slide disconnection is located at: A - Right end of the girt bar B - Left end of the escape slide C - Under the flap on the girt bar
Q 6 - In case of lavatory smoke detection: A-An amber segment comes "On" steady on the all cabin "ACPs". B-An amber segment comes "On" flashing on the related "ACP". C-An amber segment comes on flashing on all "ACPs".
Q 7 -Bomb treat can be moved to the right side aft door : A ­ Should be placed on the floor behind the door . B ­ Will be placed on the escape slide container . C ­ up to about 25 cm below the middle of the door .
Q 8 -The door control arming lever is used to: A - Close the door. B - To open the door. C - To arm & disarm the door slide .
Q 9 - Should the escape slide dose not inflate automatically: A-A hand pomp is available near the door to manually inflate the slide. B-A red manual inflation handle must be pulled. C-The escape slide can be activated by a remote control in the cockpit.
Q10 -When using HALON 1211 in a confined if it's necessary to : A - Use gloves. B - Use smoke hood. C - Use fire axe
Q 11 -Electrical smoke usually has a color : A - Grey brown quite B - Usually black in color
Page 2 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

C - Usually light grey can disaperse rapidly.
Q 12 - Every passenger on stretcher on board should be placed: A - Head positioned aft ward cabin . B - Head tackled with hands. C - Head positioned forward cabin.
Q 13 ­ Unusual perceptions (E.G :noise , odors ,observation) to the captain immediately A - Should be reported B ­ Disregard this securements C ­ Discuss it with any crew member
Q 14 ­ If a window crack what is your action has to be taken : A ­ Move passengers away from crack window B ­ Take your position fasten your seat-belt C ­ Keep the captain informed D ­ All above correct
Q 15 -The (BCF) halon fire extinguisher is used : A - for class B& class A fire B - for all kinds of fire. C - Class B/class C
Q 16 - To prevent an accidental deployment of the escape slide A - Inform the captain before opening any door B - Inform the purser before opening any door C ­ Before normal opening check the arming lever in disarm position with safety pin is installed
Q 17 - Passenger with respiratory deficiency disabled their own oxygen bottle must be : A ­ Any kind of oxygen bottle . B ­ Proved certificate for transportation . C ­ Only one oxygen bottle accepted
Q 18 -In the event of cabin pressurization failure what would be the first action A - To notify cockpit. B- Pull the nearest mask ,sit and secure yourself, advice passengers C -To collect safety equipment
Q 19 - Evacuation signal can be initiated and controlled : A - from the cabin B - from the cockpit. C - Answers A and B are correct.
Q 20 ­What is the purpose for having a small circular window in each exit : A ­ To check the outside area before opening the exit B ­ To check the outside area before starting the evacuation. C ­answers A& B are correct
Q 21 - What does the command "Attention crew at station" mean? A- Cockpit crew to cabin crew" command" to start the evacuation B - To initiate evacuation on their own. C- Is an alert to the cabin crew in case of unprepared emergency which evacuation could lead to
Q 22 ­What are the reason of the black triangle sign in the cabin : A ­ To check the main gears. B ­ To check the flaps and the slats. C ­ To check the noise gear.
Page 3 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 23 - If the cabin altitude rises 14000 ft. O2 masks should be presented . A - Only by actuation of switch in the cockpit . B - Automatic by cabin pressure, control switch C - AUTO. By cabin pressure control switch and or cockpit crew action .
Q 24 - PA system in the cockpit has got priority and makes over riding for ( PA ) in the passengers cabin. A. True. B. False.
Q 25 ­The principle use of the fluorescent sea dye marker: A ­to kill shark in the sea B ­to help rescue team by coloring the water around the raft C ­to protect the survival from sun-light
Q 26 -The day side of handle flare day/night distress signal is used for: A - Short range and also can indicate wind direction. B - Orange color utilization time 18 seconds. C ­ A & B are correct answers.
Q 27 -One of the protections to prevent the revival of the fire is: A - Shower the fire with water with permission from captain. B - Inform the cockpit immediately and monitor the fire area. C - Answers A & B are correct.
Q 28 -In case of smoke in the cabin inform cockpit crew by: A ­using a PA (public address) . B - Using an interphone system. C - Both answers are wrong.
Q 29 ­ Cabin crew must pay attention during silent check-list for : A ­the critical time during take-off and landing. B ­heading any emergency situation can be happen. C ­sudden A/C stop or A/C run out of the run-way. D ­ answers A+B+C are correct.
Q 30 - Which light signal shall be sent by the flash light? A - circling or vertical motion B - circling or horizontal motion C - circling motion or SOS 3 short 3 long and so on
Q 31 - The number of extinguishers on board is related to: A - the number of operating cabin crew. B - the number of passengers' seats. C - the number of passengers.
Q 32 ­ Cabin crew responsibilities and duties are: A ­to offer service to all passengers. B ­to apply the safety and security procedures. C ­to take care of passengers and to offer water and food.
Q 33 ­What are the symptoms of HYPOXIA : A ­ blue fingering , nails and lips , head ache B ­ dizziness, head ache, blue fingers, lips and nails C ­ dizziness , vomiting ,head-ache. Fever
Page 4 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 34 ­ In case of evacuation from over wings exits after removing the hatch you A ­ Keep the hatch on the first seats near the exits B ­ Discard the hatch through it's frame away C ­ Put the hatch in the aisle
Q 35 ­ Six factors in the working situation are distinguished as being of particular importance in influencing the Effect of stress on performance. A - Duration of work on the task, the length of the working period duty hours. B - Sleep deprivation, rest period, Noise, Kind of work, illness. C - All choices are correct.
Q 36 - The operation instruction to inflate the life jacket is : A. Pull the red inflator down. B. Pull the red handles down. C. Use the oral tubes if automatically did not inflate. D. Answers ( B + C ) are correct.
Q 37 - Pregnant women must be instructed about how seat belt should be fastened : A. To place the seat. Belt over abdomen. B. To place the seatbelt on abdomen. C. To place the seat. Belt low below abdomen.
Q 38 - If there is a heavy smoke in cabin , immediately advise passenger : A. To done smoke hood. B. To breathe through a piece of cloth or handkerchief. C. Open the cockpit door.
Q 39 - When hearing the "EVACUATION COMMAND" cabin crew will : A. Check for outside hazards. B. Check slide is armed. C. Open exit. D. All above answers are correct.
Q 40 - Service trolley should have the following items: A - Cups holder . B - Control brakes . C ­ Drawers
Q 41 - Door with slide raft in case of [ditching evacuation] command taken is : A .Inflate life vest Crawl on your knees and hands board the raft B Inflate life - vests walk to the slide raft. C . Inflate life vest jump in water swim away.
Q 42 - Crew member performance standards, required knowledge and skills. A. True. B. False.
Q 43 - Protective breathing equipment (PBE) duration O2 cylinder A - 15 minutes. B - 10 seconds. C - 25 minutes.
Q44- To operate the fire CO2 extinguisher you must : A - Hold unite up right - press trigger. B - Pull safety pin - direct nuzzle to flame.
Page 5 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

C - Pull safety pin - aim nuzzle to base of fire - press trigger .
Q 45 ­Toilet fire extinguisher in a confined area. A. It is manual activating . B. Automatic activation C. Smoke hood is recommended.
Q 46 - Pilot incapacitation cabin crew action is. A . Slide seat rearward and recline the seat. B . lock shoulder harness slide seat rearward recline the seat. C . Tight and lock the shoulder harness.
Q 47 - The definition of WCHC is. A- Who can move about in an aircraft cabin and requires a wheelchair. B- PAX who require no assistance. C- Passenger who cannot move and needs assistance all the time.
Q 48 - One of the following reasons may impede the evacuation : A- The exit is jammed, and will not open. B- Slide deploy and inflate correctly,. C- There is no external hazards, such as fire, smoke, obstacles or debris.
Q 49 - Flight - Crew announce "Brace for impact" it means : A- 1 Minute before impact Cabin crew must shout BRACE, BRACE, BRACE, B- 10 Minute before impact. C- 50 Minute before impact.
Q 50 - The emergency light activated automatically when : A- Cabin loss pressure B- Cabin light is dimmed C- Aircraft loss electrical power
Q 51 - The return to your seat sign at lavatories will be switched OFF automatically when : A - At takeoff and landing. B - During evacuation. C- In case of cabin decompression.
Q 52 ­ Oxygen cylinder Scott 9800 with full face mask is used , duration time of O2 fluent is between 15 to 20 min. A - True B ­ False
Q 53 - DAY and NIGHT flare can be used only when we see or hear rescue teams : A - True. B - False.
Q 54 - Slow decompression the captain informs the purser and switches on FSB and NS signs : A ­Cabin crew secure cabin and galleys B ­Take them positions and fasten seat-belts , silent review. C ­Follow captain instructions D ­ Answers A , B , C are correct .
Q 55 -When all passengers have boarded the slide-rafts Crew should : A - Disconnect the slide-raft from the girt-bar then cut the mooring line. B - Cut the mooring line , Assist the survival , C - Get the survival kit
Q 56 - What is the cabin systems that will activates automatically during rapid decompression ? A - Drop of fixed 02 masks - emergency lights.
Page 6 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

B ­ Seat-belts and no smoking signs ON - pre recorded announcement C - All answers are correct. Q 57 -The fixed oxygen system "generator" provides supplemental oxygen for: A - Cabin occupants and cockpit crew B - Passengers and cabin crew members in case of decompression C - Cockpit crew only Q 58 - Smoke hood "puritan Bennett" to start oxygen flow you must : A - Grasp the adjustment straps and pull sharply forward B - Pull the actuation ring C - It has automatic open oxygen Q 59 - To open the door exit in case of an evacuation order: A - Wait for aircraft complete stop .check outside area. B - Wait for order - open door - check slide inflation ­ evacuate. C - All answer are correct Q 60 - Who is responsible for the aircraft systems and all aircraft occupants : A - All crew members. B - The senior cabin crew. C - The captain in command ( PIC ). Q 61 - Passengers shall be briefed on all emergency instructions: A - Verbally. B - by demonstration. C - Both answers are correct. Q 62 -The definition of wheelchair for ramp (WCHR)are : A - Passenger who can move at any level . B - Who cannot move and who requires assistance . C - A passenger who requires no assistance . Q 63 - Any other cabin crew can initiate the evacuation in the following cases: A - Rejected take off . B - Cockpit crew incapacitation C - Cabin fire, heavy smoke, fuselage damage, ditching, up normality of fuselage . Q 64 - The doctor kit can only be used by . A - The purser. B - by qualified nurse or a doctor . C - by any one of the crew . Q 65 - Incase of flooding in the lavatory or in the galley the cabin crew action: A - Shut ­ off water valve B - Mop up any water on the floor quickly C - Inform the captain D - All above answers are correct Q 66 - Signal equipment whistle used for : A - Sending an orange color light B- To attract the attention of rescuers. C - Sending a flare light Q 67 - ABP ( able body passenger ) or PSP (pre-selected passengers) duties are: A - To assist cabin crew during evacuation. B - To help passengers inside and outside aircraft C - To direct passengers away of aircraft
Page 7 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

D - All answers are correct
Q 68 ­Cabin crew should assist to passengers seating in an emergency row A ­they are comfortable with opening the exits . B ­they can perform the procedures they were briefed. C ­both answers are correct.
Q 69 - On PA system alert signal : "CABIN CREW&PASSENGERS REMAIN SEATED `' A - Chief cabin must proceed to cockpit. B - Evacuation is not required any more. C - Evacuation may be required in short time be alert. D - Evacuate passengers immediately.
Q 70 - Sterile cockpit procedure is required during the time of : A - Engines start until seat belt sign is off. B - Engines start until safe altitude C ­ Captain announce for take-off until 10.000 feet
Q 71 ­To protect passengers from engine exhaust during boarding or deplaning: A ­Continue normal boarding or pax deplaning. B -Make a quick and finish boarding or deplaning . C - It is captain responsibility to make the decision
Q 72 - To disconnect the slide raft from the aircraft in case of ditching : A - Lift the flap! pull disengage handle, cut morning line. B - Lift flap and cut mooring line . C - Lift flap and pull mooring line.
Q 73 - The effects symbols of the rapid decompression are : A - Loss of air rapidly, rushing of losing items ,cabin become cold ,and the hypoxia become apparent. B - Aloud bang will be heard, loss of air gradually C - Fasten seat-belts and no smoking sign on.
Q 74 -Day/Night signal emits smoke and red flairs. There burning time is: A - Red flairs 20 seconds, smoke 18 seconds. B - Red flaire2o minutes, smoke 10 minutes. C - Red flare 5minute smoke 5 seconds.
Q 75 - Final approach and landing : Begins when the cabin crew are required to take their seats and to end when The aircraft leaves the active runway. A. True. B. False.
Q 76 ­Witch safety instructions should be informed to the handicapped passenger and his escort ? A ­ The way to use the smoke hood B ­ The way to the nearest exits, using of life-jacket, seat-belt C ­ To read the safety instructions card
Q 77 -Each aircraft must be equipped with emergency lights to provide: A - Minimum lighting in cabin & lighting outside emergency exits. B - Illumination of marks & direction lighting to exits. C - Answers A & B are correct.
Q 78 -The emergency light can be activated from Cabin Crew Panel disregarding the position switch ON ­ OFF ­ ARMED in the cockpit. A - False. B ­ True
Page 8 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

79 - Cabin crew jump-seats must be equipped with: A - Seat belt &shoulder harness. B - Seat belt and may be harness. C - Both answers are wrong.
Q 80 - The evacuation command given during the escape through the over wing exit is? A ­Leg, Head , Body, Leg. B ­ Head, Body, Leg. C - All above answers are correct.
Q 81 ­For fire prevention what shall cabin crew put in consideration: A ­Cabin crews keep his seat and contact by interphone system B ­keep monitoring and observing the cabin and the toilets. C ­continue the passengers serving.
Q 82-The abbreviation code of (UM) stands is for: A - Unlimited. B - Unaccompanied minor. C ­ Uniform
Q 83 - An infant who had been choking becomes unresponsive. The rescuer should:
Mark one answer: A- Alternate back slaps and chest thrusts B-Perform a blind finger sweep to attempt to remove the obstruction C-Attempt to dislodge the obstruction using abdominal thrusts D-Begin CPR Q 84 - When performing CPR: A. Compress the chest at a 45-degree angle. B. Compress the chest straight down and fast, about 100 compressions per minute. C. Give chest compressions that are smooth and regular. D. Both B and C. Q 85 - What sudden illness is usually caused by a blockage of blood flow to the brain? a. Diabetic emergency b. Heat-related illness c. Heart attack d. Stroke
Q 86 - Items that needs to notified the pilot in command ? A - Mercurial barometers and thermometers B - Alcoholic beverages C - Small gaseous oxygen or air cylinders
Q 87 - Class 6 of dangerous goods : A -Toxic and infectious substances B - Corrosives C - Radioactive material
Q 88- Gas cylinder can only be accepted as cargo ? A - True B -False
Page 9 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 89 - Some dangerous goods are forbidden but may be carried with specific ? A -Approvals from the state concerned B - Approvals from the operator C - Approvals from the pilot in command
Q 90 - Class 2 gases : helium is : A -Division 2.1 flammable gas B - Division 2.2 nonflammable nontoxic gas C - Division 2.3 toxic gas

GOOD LUCK

Page 10 of 10

