Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

CABIN CREW QUESTIONS

Page 1 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 01 - What has to be done to avoid galley's fire? A- Make sure that the oven doesn't contain paper or any other stowed stuff. B- Make sure that the oven trays empty of spilled food and grease. C- Make sure that the galley's area clean and tidy. D-All of the above answers are correct.
Q 02 - Cabin crew orders the passengers for unplanned emergency are : A- Bend over - stay low - seat on upright. B- Brace - brace. C- Keep your seats or remain at your seats.
Q 03­The effects of the rapid decompression is : A - Sudden drop of pressure and temperature, deep diving of A/C B - Lighting of cabin signs & presentation of oxygen masks. C - Answers A & B are correct.
Q 04 -How is frost bite to be treated in polar/ sub-polar region: A - Worm frost bite in warm water. B - Rub frost bit with snow and treat with antiseptic C - Maintain a strong cream to undamaged parts of the frost bit
Q 05 - The most dangerous factors to the occupants during flying are. A - Thirst and hanger B - Cold and fear C - Smoke and fumes, heat and flames
Q 6 -The accompanier is responsible to evacuate stretcher PAX supporting by ABP ( able body passenger ): A - before all other passengers. B - After all other passengers have been evacuating. C - After all crew members have evacuated the aircraft.
Q 7 -When an evacuation is required the captain will announce: A - Attention crew at station B ­cabin crew and passengers evacuate .evacuate. C - Cabin crew and passenger remain seated .
Q 8 -What is the procedures to be followed in case of pilot incapacitation : A - Slide the seat rear ward and recline the seat back. B - Tight shoulder harness, slide seat backwards & recline seat- back C - Tighten and lock the shoulder harness.
Q 9 -The cabin fixed oxygen generator it is enough for at least : A - five (5) minutes. B - one hour. C - 13 to 15 minutes.
Q10 -The cabin circuit breakers is designed to: A - Investigate damage. B - Detect any kind of fire in the cabin. C - Cut the power automatic.
Q 11 -When smoke density in lavatory exceed pre-determined level then . A - Masks drops down, B - Smoke detector provides warning. C - Ask the PIC about the reason.
Page 2 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 12 ­ Witch handicapped passengers are restricted for recommendation? A - WCHR (for Ramp) can move up and down. B ­ WCHC (for Cabin) cannot move completely. C - Both answers are correct
Q 13 -In case of APU fire order PAX to evacuate: A - Forward and rear ward to avoid tire bursting zone . B ­from over wing exits and forward exits doors . C - Parallel aft ward the cabin.
Q 14 ­ If main landing gears fire order passengers to evacuate: A ­ Forward and rearward to avoid tire bursting zone B ­ Parallel forward C ­ Parallel aft ward
Q 15 ­ Cabin preparation must be done before each "take-off & landing: A ­ Cabin should be prepared during flight B ­ Because there is a little time to prepare the cabin for evacuation C ­ Monitor passengers while boarding and embarkation
Q 16 -The number of PAX allowed on any flight is determined by taking into consideration: A - Number of cabin crew .and seating arrangement. B - Number and types of serviceable exits and emergency exits C - Answer A and B are correct
Q 17 -What is the command is given to passengers before the evacuation A - Leave everything come this way jump and slid B - Take everything come this way sit and slide C - Open your seat belt , leave everything, sit or jump and slide
Q 18 -Non ambulatory handicapped passenger shall be seated ? A - Directly next to the emergency exit B - near a cabin crew station, C - in the middle between two pairs of the emergency exits
Q 19 - How would you recognize the rapid decompression in the cabin? A - Drop of cabin masks from 02 stowage's. B ­ Emer. lights, "seat belts & no smoking sign" ON C - Aircraft diving­auto prerecorded announcement D - All answer are correct
Q 20 - To operate the fire CO2 extinguisher you must : A - Hold unites up right - press trigger. B - Pull safety pin - direct nuzzle to flame. C - Pull safety pin - aim nuzzle to base of fire - press trigger .
Q 21 - The purpose of smoke hood (PBE) IS to be used in case of intensive smoke and toxic fumes : A - True. B - False.
Q 22 ­ Smoke detects in lavatory is a warning indication light comes on at : A - Cabin crew stations B ­ Cockpit C ­ Lavatory's door indicator D - All answers are correct
Page 3 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 23 -What is the minimum duration for fluent oxygen time of generator system: A - 5minutes. B - 2minutes. C - At least 13 minutes.
Q 24 - Are there any oxygen masks in the lavatories . A - Yes in each lavatory there is a unit . B - Yes in each lavatory there is 2 masks unit installed . C ­ None in the lavatories.
Q 25 ­The portable oxygen bottles bleed control allows oxygen flows: A ­high oxygen flow, low oxygen flow. B ­constant outlet 2L. or 4L.per a minute + demand outlet for FFM. C ­none of the above.
Q 26 -Safety instructions cards must be available as the following. A - 1 for each row. B - 1 for each passenger's seat. C - 1 for each 50 passengers seats.
Q 27 -In case of cabin fire the actions has to be taking is: A - Move oxygen bottles away from fire area. B - Move passengers away from danger area. C - Both answers are correct.
Q 28 ­What is the principle use of the evacuation alarm system: A ­it is an order to the cabin crew to start the evacuation. B ­it is a warning for cabin crew to be alerts. C ­it is a warning for a toilet's smoke.
Q 29 ­ Every take-off and landing cabin crew must focus their attention strictly on the safety of flight, perform their Silent review check-list and assume brace position. A- True. B- False.
Q 30 - The escape slide could be used as : A - Flotation device on ditching B - cannot be disconnected from the girt bar C - it is not necessary to be removed from the A/C
Q 31 -To disconnect an escape slide witch steps has to be followed: A - left up the flap .pull release handle. Cut mooring line B - pull manual inflation handle C - pull reentry strap cut mooring line
Q 31 ­When Cockpit door must be closed and locked A ­before boarding, during flight and last Pax has deplaning. B ­during take-off and during landing. C ­during cruising.
Q 32 - The effects of the rapid decompression is : A - Sudden drop of pressure and temperature, deep diving of A/C B - Lighting of cabin signs & presentation of oxygen masks. C - Answers A & B are correct .

Page 4 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 33 - Pilot incapacitation cabin crew action is. A- Slide seat rearward and recline the seat. B- Lock shoulder harness slide seat rearward recline the seat. C- Tight and lock the shoulder harness.
Q 34 ­ There are two types of flight turbulence : A ­ Slight turbulence passengers fasten them seat-belts B ­ Slight turbulence, fasten seat-belts sign ON cabin crew will continue the service C ­ Severe turbulence, cabin signs illuminates, service meals will stop D ­ Answers B and C are correct
Q 35 - Passenger oxygen door unit can be opened manually by : A. No tool is used for this purpose. B. A screw Driver or a pen. C. A manual release tool to be used.
Q 36 -During an evacuation the cabin crew first duties should : A. Open the exit, then deplane ABPs or PSPs to assist outside the aircraft. B. Remain on the P/A offering words of encouragement to passengers. C. Stand beside the exit to facilitate quickly passenger's evacuation.
Q 37 - What has to be done to avoid cabin & service center fire : A. Make patrolling in the cabin especially during night flights. B. Check throwing cigarettes disposal in the waste bin. C. Answer A And B are correct.
Q 38 - Is there a manual inflation handle for each escape slide or slide raft : A - Type 3door only . B - Yes there is for every evacuation slide devices C ­ Type A door only.
Q 39 - Pregnant women ( up to 32 weeks) : A. She can board the aircraft without permission. B. Must have a certificate about her case and permission to board the aircraft. C. None of the above.
Q 40 - Handicapped passenger in wheel chairs are classified in three categories: A ­WCHC ­ WCHS - WCHM. B ­ WCHR - WCHS - WCHC. C ­ WCHC - WCHS - WCHN.
Q 41 - The role of able body include : A. Dead heading crew member military personnel police. B. Fire personnel people who respond to instruction. C. Answers ( A + B ) are correct.
Q 42 - Infants life - vests are available : A. under PAX seats. B. Under infant seats. C. Stored in the hat racks.
Q 43 - Signal equipment (mirror) is used for : A. To send a flare light as a message. B. To emit a yellow smoke. C. To reflect sun light.
Page 5 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 44 - Electrical smoke usually has an acrid odor with smoke color : A. Grey quite brown. B. Usually black in color. C. Light grey can disaperse rapidly.
Q 45 - If refueling with PAX on board and 1L door is provided with stairway. A- Rest of the cabin doors must be armed. B- Aft left door must be attended by a cabin crew member. C- Door 1R should be armed and attended
Q 46 - Where able body shall preferably be seated. A- Always at a cabin attendants Station. B-Near the emergency exits. C- In the middle between two pairs of exits.
Q 47 - To commence the evacuation cabin crew should. A-Hold on to the frame assist handle. B- Hold PAX back from the exit, during the exit opening and slide deployment sequence. C- All answers are correct.
Q 48 - The evacuation warning horns are installed in the cabin and it can be heard only at AFT zone . A- True. B- False.
Q 49 -Why over wing exit is provided with life-line: A - To collect passengers on over wings . B - To be used as rope during evacuation . C - Both Answers are correct .
Q 50 - According to the communication system between the cockpit and the cabin , the emergency alert will be as the following :
A ­Purser immediately to cockpit by P A. B - Initiating of evacuation alarm. C - Turning of seat-belts signs many times. D - Answer (A) &(C) are correct. Q 51 - Brace for impact and bend over stay down are orders : A ­ To protect the passengers from any danger. B - To make passengers comfortable. C - This orders will apply during take-off and landing Q 52 - In which situation passengers can be grouped on the aircraft wings A - On land evacuation. B - On ditching when there is over wing exits C - When cabin equipped with life line D -Answers B and C are corrects Q 53 -In case of oven fire , the steps shall be done are : A - Use an adequate extinguisher B - Pull circuit breaker out. C - Inform cockpit. D ­ All above are correct Q 54 - What is the purpose of having smoke detective system ? A - Give warning, when there is a- smoke in the toilet. B - To give warning to (PIC), when there is smoke in the cargo. C - None of the above.
Page 6 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 55 -What has to be done to avoid toilet fire ? A - Pre-flight check ,check toilet periodically, before each meal service. B - Keep the captain informed time to time. C - Lavatory smoke detector is the best guard.
Q 56 ­ Number of passenger on any flight limited by putting the following into consideration: A ­ Number and type of serviceable exits B - Number and type of safety equipment C - Number of serviceable seats - Number of cabin crew D - All answers are correct
Q 57 ­Using the tool ( MRT)in the hole provided in each stopper door unit: A - This action will activate the generator B - This action stops oxygen flowing C - This action opens stopper door unit and deploys masks
Q 58 - To put the doors at armed position you should : A - Select arm lever to armed position, cross check, report B - Grasp girt bar, fit it to floor brackets , cross check, report C - Answers A and B are correct
Q 59 - The exit door is considered as serviceable when : A - Opening mechanism - exit light - slide pressure all operable. B - Opening mechanism jammed - Slide pressure fail. C - Emergency equipment's are in location
Q 60 - In case of oven fire cabin crew first action will be is : A - Cut electrical power supply use proper fire extinguisher. B ­ Use a proper fire extinguisher, inform cockpit. C - Inform cockpit, and cut electrical power supply only
Q 61 - In-charge (purser) become medically unfit to perform his duties then. A - The next senior cabin crew on duty may take over these duties . B - Any other crew member may take over . C - Answer A & B are wrong
Q 62 - What information's be given to the purser prior to prepared Emergency landing or ditching : A - Nature of emergency, intention, time available ,escape routes and signal brace. B - Nature of emergency ,time available for cabin preparation C- Time available for cabin preparation, evacuation command
Q 127 - Bend Over , Stay Down " this order must be shouted to pax in case of : A ­ Turbulences time B ­ An unplanned emergency during take-off or landing C ­ Evacuation threw the exits
Q 63 -Which instructions must be given to the PAX during refueling with PAX on board ? A - To fasten seat belts and not to smoke . B - To open seat belts remain seated and not to smoke . C - To release seat belts , it is permitted to leave seat .
Q 64 - If smoking is originating from lavatory , and you found the lavatory door knob very hot , you will : A ­ Get an extinguisher and open the door immediately. B ­ Slightly open the door ,fully discharge of halon C - apply fire fighting procedures under wash basin D ­ Answers B and C correct
Page 7 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 65 - Cabin crew actions after impact will be as the following: A - Wait for aircraft stop - evaluate outside conditions. B - Wait for orders - open exits - check slide inflation - area clear C - Check cabin and cockpit -leave AIC - get passengers away the A/C D - All of the above are correct.
Q 66 - Silent check-list it is recommended during take-off and landing : A ­Gives Cabin Crew the abilities for heading any emergency . B ­It is a period of Cabin Crew rest . C ­Cabin Crew must fasten the seat-belts.
Q 67 - Halon extinguisher is good for all classes of fire and the duration time for Air total 1211 is : A - 08 - 11 seconds. B - 15 - 20 seconds. C - 20 - 30 seconds.
Q 68 ­ To operate the H2O extinguisher you must : A - Turn handle anti-clock wise and squeeze. B - Pull the safety pin, and squeeze the trigger. C - Turn handle clock-wise all the way then press the trigger
Q 69 ­ Cabin Crew have to be permanently apply the cabin observation : A ­To avoid or detect in time dangerous situation. B ­ To make passengers happy and are interesting. C ­ To serve passengers food and water.
Q 70 - To open the door which equipped with pneumatic system in case of evacuation make sure the arming lever Is on engaged A - Pull control handle fully -up and release B - Switch emergency light on C - Pull control handle, push door, out`
Q 71 ­The cabin crew must inform the captain prior to take-off if: A ­Ice, snow or frost adhering the aircraft structure. B ­Any concerns conveyed by a passenger relating to wing contamination. C ­ All above answers are correct.
Q 72 - If pressurization system fails what is the useful time of consciousness When an aircraft flight level at 35000 ft A - 30 minutes. B - 2 minutes. C - 15 to 18 seconds.
Q 73 -Rejected take off is recognized through sudden deceleration, vibration, brakes, engines reveres: A - Cabin crew start evacuation immediately. B - Remain seated, wait for instructions after A/C complete stop. C - Activate evacuation alarm immediately.
Q 74 -There are two types of decompression: A - Rapid decompression, high levels . B - Slow decompression and rapid decompression. C - a-gradual loss of cabin temperature.
Q 75 - In case of rapid depressurization: A - Help passengers immediately. B - Go back to your position. C - Get any available mask sit and secure yourself.
Page 8 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q 76 - Each infant onboard aircraft must be: A - Placed in aft cabin rows. B - Placed in a row with an extra oxygen mask. C - Placed in the first row.
Q 77- Number of WCHS handicapped travelling on same flight is: A - 4 WCHS handicapped passengers. B - 6 WCHS handicapped passengers. C ­ The number is not limited.
Q 78 - the easy identification of the crewmember in case of evacuation is: A ­Id card& the license B - Cap & uniform jacket & power megaphone C -shirt & tie
Q 79 ­For safety reason what are the prohibited electronic devices are not completely allowed to be used on board A ­ lap-top, radio transmitter, mobiles B ­ Radio transmitter, remote control toys ,laser pointer, printers C- Walky-talky, recorder with head-phone
Q 80-The minimum pressure of Scott oxygen bottle witch is acceptable : A - 500 PSI B - 1000 PSI. C - 1500 PSI.
Q81 ­O2 Cylinder Fluent Constant outlet (4L/min) can be used without doctor permission: A - True. B - False.
Q 82 - 50-year-old man who has been eating steak in a restaurant abruptly stands up and grabs his neck. The rescuer determines that the victim is choking. The best response is to: A-Use back blows B-Do nothing; wait until the victim becomes unresponsive, then start CPR C-Use abdominal thrusts D-Use upward chest thrusts
Q 83 - When you give care to an adult who is conscious and choking, where should you position your fist to give Abdominal thrusts? A- In the center of the breastbone B- In the middle of the abdomen, just above the navel C- On the rib cage D- Any of the above
Q 84 - A child is choking on a piece of hard candy. She is conscious and coughing forcefully. What should you do? A. Do a foreign object check/removal. B. Lay her down and give abdominal thrusts. C. Slap her on the back until she stops coughing. D. Stay with her and encourage her to continue coughing.
Q 85 - Efforts to relieve choking should be stopped when: A-The obstruction is removed B-The victim becomes unresponsive C-The victim begins breathing normally D- Any of the above occurs
Page 9 of 10

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION
Q 86 - person, who is unconscious, not breathing, has a weak pulse, needs.... A- CPR B- Heimlich manoeuvre. C- Rescue breathing. D- Back blows and chest thrusts.
Q 87 ­ Class 6 of dangerous goods : A -Toxic and infectious substances B - Corrosives C - Radioactive material
Q 88 - Dry ice is: A ­ Carbon dioxide, liquid B ­ Carbon dioxide, solid C ­ Carbon dioxide
Q 89 - Class 4 of dangerous goods: A ­ Flammable solids B ­ Oxidizing substances C ­ Explosives
Q 90 - Infectious substances (biological substance) are? A ­ Dangerous goods in limited quantities B ­ Dangerous goods in excepted quantities C ­ Dangerous goods transported by post

      
  

GOOD LUCK

Page 10 of 10

