Libyan Civil aviation authority                   

Flight safety department                         

PEL SECTION                                      

CABIN                            CREW  QUESTIONS

                                 Page 1 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                         

Flight safety department                                                               

PEL SECTION                                                                            

Q1- The easy identification of the crewmember in case of evacuation is:

A - Life jacket & uniform jacket & tie

B - Cap & uniform jacket & power megaphone

C -jacket & tie & shirt

Q2- The evacuate command given through over wing exit  is ?

A - Leg__head__body__leg.

B - Head__body__leg.

C - All above answers are correct

Q3- The minimum number of cabin crew for flight    with 107 passengers is:

A - 4 cabin attendant

B - 3 cabin attendant

C - 2 cabin attendant

Q4- An exit door is considered as unserviceable when one of its components is        out of order.

A - Opening mechanism & gust lock.

B ­ Escape slide & emergency light.

C - All of the above answers are correct.

Q5- The all occupants of an aircraft are:

A - All crew &  pax  aged 2 years and more

B - Pax aged 2 years and more.

C - Answers b + c are correct.

Q6- What is the passenger definition?

A - Any holder of a ticket whatever his age.

B - Any holder of a ticket aged 2 years and more.

C - Any holder of a ticket aged 2 to 12 years.

Q7- The number of pax allowed on any flt is determined by taking the following into  consideration:

A - Number of cabin crew & cabin seating arrangement.

B - Number and type of serviceable exits and emergency equipment.

C - Answers A & B are correct

Q8- The escort of any group of children must be aged:

A - At least 12 years old.

B - At least 15 years old.

C - At least 18 years old.

Q9- Each infant onboard aircraft must be:

A - Placed in aft cabin rows.

B - Placed in a row with an extra oxygen mask.

C - Placed in the first row.

Q10- During Refuelling With Passengers On Board :

A - The AFT Left Slide Will Be Kept In The Armed Configuration..

B - The Slides Will Be Kept In The Disarmed Mode.

C - The Slides Will Be Kept Disarmed And Safety Pins Off, Held In Hands

Q11- Wchc travelling individual on same flight must be distributed as following:

A - One wchc handicapped per a door.

B - One wchc handicapped per three doors.

C - One wchc handicapped per pair doors.

                                                   Page 2 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                         

Flight safety department                                                                    

PEL SECTION                                                                                 

Q12- The number of wchs handicapped travelling on same flight is:

A - 4 wchs handicapped pax.

B - 6 wchs handicapped pax.

C ­ number is not limited

Q13 - Using the tape recorders with earphone during the cruising are allowed:

A - True.

B - False.

Q14 - Boarding and disembarking of handicapped pax as following:

A - Boarding last disembarking first.

B - Boarding before pax embarkation.

C - Boarding first disembarking first

Q15- Cabin hand luggage dimensions must not exceed:

A - 115 m.

B - 115 km.

C - 115 cm.

Q16 - Which animal can we accept it in the cabin without cage?

A - Small cat.

B - Small dog.

C - Guide dog for blind passenger.

Q17 - Which Precaution Should Be Taken While Using The (        BCF    ) On Hot Surface:

A- Use PBE To Protect Your Self

B- Direct Extinguisher To The Aim Of Fire

C- Attack Fire

Q18 - The use of radio transmitter is forbidden onboard the aircraft.

A - True.

B - False.

Q19 - Seats immediately contiguous to the wing exits must have one     or  more  of  the  following:

A - Seat back not reclinable & seat arm fixed to the exit..

B - Seat back not inclinable fwd& lowered layer.

C - Answers a &b are correct..

Q20- Cabin crew jump-seats must be equipped with:

A - Seat belt & shoulder  harness.

B - Seat belt , headrest and may be harness.

C - Both answers are correct.

Q21- Jet aircraft oxygen systems are two types:

A ­ Portable O2 & fixed system.

B - Small & big.

C - gaseous & chemical.

Q22- In each lavatory there must be:

A ­ At least 3 oxygen  masks.

B ­ At least 4 oxygen  masks.

C ­ At least 2 oxygen  masks.

                                                  Page 3 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                    

Flight safety department                                                          

    PEL SECTION                                                                   

Q23- Define wchc handicapped passenger:

A - Person who can move by himself on any level.

B - Person who can move by himself only on horizontal level.

C - Person who cannot move by himself need an assistance.

Q24- The minimum pressure of Scott oxygen bottle is:

A - 3/4 .

B - 1000 psi.

C - 1500 psi.

Q25- When Cabin Crew Must Prepare For Unplanned Emergency

A- During Land Evacuation

B-  During Ditching

C- During Pre Flight Check ,Cabin Preparation , During          Boarding

Q26- In Case Of Emergency Communication With Cockpit Must Be Made By

A- Interphone

B- Public Address

C- Both Answers Are Correct

Q27-the oxygen bottles which are certified for air transportation are:

A ­ Bronzavia & Scott.

B - Scott &eros& any other bottle approved by authorities.

C - Eros &Bronzavia& Scott.

Q28 -constant outlet (4L/min) can be used without doctor permission:

A - True.

B - False.

Q29 -oxygen portable bottles used for:

A - Cabin crew.

B - Passengers & cabin crew.

C - Passengers & all crew members

Q30 -in case of decompression oxygen masks drops automatic:

A - When a/c altitude reaches 14.000 feet.

B - When cabin altitude reaches 14.000 feet.

C - When cabin altitude reaches save level.

Q31- What Is The Meaning Of (Attention) Cabin Crew At Station From The Cockpit

A - Cabin Crew Must Prepare The Passengers For Evacuation

B - Check Passengers, Secure Galley , Inform Chief Cabin Ready B-

C- Return To Seat, Fasten Seat Belt And Wait For Orders

Q32 - To Protect Passengers during Impact What Must The Cabin Crew Do

A - Unfasten Your Seat Belts Come This Way

B - Shouting To Passengers Bend Over Stay Down

C - Keep Your Seat Belt Fastened , Pull The Mask

                                                  Page 4 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                          

Flight safety department                                                

           PEL SECTION                                                  

Q33 -The three elements of fire are :

A - Class a & class b & class c .

B - Material & oxygen & heat .

C - The answers A & B are correct.

Q34 -When using a fire extinguisher you must:

A - hold it vertical and use your both hands

B - hold it vertical and you may use only one hand sometimes.

C - both answers are correct.

Q35 -What is the fire classification   type B fire?

A ­ Electrical fire.

B - Flammable liquid fire.

C - Magnetic fire

Q36 - Water extinguisher H2O can be used for class A & B.

A - True.

B - False.

Q37 - The number of extinguishers onboard is related to:

A - The number of cabin crew.

B - The number of passengers seats.

C - The number of passengers.

Q38 - In case of smoke in the cabin inform cockpit crew by:

A - Using a PA (public address) .

B - Using an interphone system.

C - Both answers are wrong.

Q39 - For an A/C with more than 200 pax seats there must be:

A - 2 crash axes in the cabin & no crash axe in cockpit.

B - 1 crash axe in the cabin & 1 crash axe in the cockpit.

C - All above answers are correct.

Q40 - While you check the crash axe it must be :

A - Valid for two years.

B - Sealed in its place.

C - valid for one year.

Q41 ­ The  number of (PBE) onboard is related to:

A - Number of cabin crew.

B - Number of fire extinguishers or regular C/As whichever is fewer.

C - Number of oxygen bottles..

Q42 - The effects in case of a rapid decompression :

A - Sudden drop in pressure & temp and deep diving of A/C

B - Lighting of cabin signs & presentation of oxygen masks.

C - Answers A & B are correct .

                                                     Page 5 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                        

Flight safety department                                                                    

PEL SECTION                                                                                 

Q43- Passengers who must have a seat onboard an A/C are:

A - Any passenger onboard the A/C .

B - Only passengers aged two years and more.

C - All above answers are wrong.

Q44- Who is responsible for the operation , safety of A/C and all     persons  on  board  during   flight?

A - All crew members.

B - The pilot in command.

C - The senior cabin crew member.

Q45- What Is the Reason For Having The Assist Hand In Each Exit

A- To Help You During Opening And Closing The Exit

B- To Protect You During Emergency

C- Both Answers Are Correct

Q46- Using water extinguisher fire in the cockpit is considered as :

A - Dangerous.

B - Effective.

C - Both answers are wrong.

Q47 - One of the protections for waste container in the lavatory is:

A - made tight so as to control an eventual fire.

B - Equipped with a water tap for water supply.

C - Both answers are correct.

Q48 - In case of rapid depressurization:

A - Help passengers immediately.

B - Go back to your position.

C - Get any available mask sit and secure yourself .

Q49 - The A|C cabin emergency doors and exits are :

A - All lateral door and exits & over wing exits

B - Movable cockpit windows & evacuation hatches in ceiling.

C - Answers A&B      are correct.

Q50 - each A|C must be equipped with emergency lights to provide:

A - Minimum lighting in cabin & lighting outside emergency exits.

B - Illumination of marks & direction lighting to exits.

C - Answers A & B are correct.

Q51 -the emergency light can be activated from cabin disregarding the  position of        cockpit  switch.

A - False.

B - True.

Q52 -there must be a megaphone in an AC with 67 seats.

A - True.

B - False.

Q53 -safety instructions cards  must be available as following.

A - 1 for each row.

B - 1 for each passenger seat.

C - 1 for each 50 pax seat.

                                                   Page 6 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                            

Flight safety department                                                                   

PEL SECTION                                                                               

Q54- When Security Check Must Be Performed

A- During Pre Flight Check , Cabin Preparation , When All Passengers Leave The Aircraft

B- After Passengers Disembarkation     And During       Transit With  Pax Are On Board

C- Answers (A) (B) Are Correct

Q55-signalling mirror can be used even if we don't see or hear the rescue.

A - True.

B ­ False

Q56 -the individual equipment for overflying water is:

A - Life vest.

B - Life raft or slide raft.

C - Answers a & b are correct.

Q57 -in case of cabin fire the actions has to be taking is:

A - Move oxygen bottles away from fire area.

B - Move passengers away from danger area.

C - Both answers are correct

Q58 - How Can You Identify The Night Signal Flare In Complete Darkness :

A - By The Orange Colored Plastic End Cap.

B - By The Protrusion On The Plastic Cover , Or By The Metal Washer             Attached To The Full-  Ring  C  Ord

C - By the Plain Cord Attached To The Full Ring

Q59 - the slide fail to inflate automatically after evacuation order you must:

A - Pull the manual inflation handle.

B - Ask the passengers to jump.

C - All above answers are wrong.

Q 60 - adult life vests must never be inflated in the cabin.

A - False.

B - True.

Q61 - HO2 fire extinguisher can be used for class A and B

A - True

B - False

Q62 - Which of O2 system used for passengers first aid:

A ­ Portable oxygen bottles

B - Fixed oxygen generators

C - None of the above

Q63 - If the PA system Is Inoperative, The Signal To Brace Will Be Given By:

A- Using the Emergency Call.

B- Recycling The No Smoking Sign 3 Times.

C- Recycling The Seat Belt Sign 3 Times.

Q64 - Over Wing Slides Are Used:

A- Only During Ground Evacuation To Help Passengers To Reach The Ground Quickly And Safely.

B- Only During Ditching, The Slide Can Be Detached, And Used As A Floatation Device.

C- In Both Situations Water And Ground Evacuation To Evacuate Passengers Quickly And Safely

                                                 Page 7 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                          

Flight safety department                                                                

PEL SECTION                                                                             

Q65 - The Four Basic Principles To Survival Are:

A- Protection, Oxygen , Water , Food

B- Protection, Water, Food , shelter , first aid , signaling equipment

C- All The Above are correct

Q66 - According To LCAA) The Number Of Cabin Crew To Be Carried On Board An           Aircraft  Is

A- Two Cabin Crew For    Every 50 Pax On Board

B- One Cabin Crew        For Every     50 Pax On Board

C- One Cabin Crew        For Every     50 Seats  On Board

Q67 - The Evacuation Alarm Signal Can    Be Activated        From The Cockpit Only .

A- True

B- From All Stations

C- From The Cockpit And From The Chief Cabin Station

Q68 - When Cabin Crew Must Be Aware That Any Emergency Can occur ?

A- During Taxi Or While Parking

B- During Evacuation On Land

C- During Ditching

Q69- In Event Of Loss Of Electrical Power What Lighting Systems Will Illuminate.

A- The Exit Emergency    Light Only

B- Floor Path Light , Ceiling Light Signs ,      Over Exit Emergency Light

C- None Of The Above

Q70 - What Would Be The First Aid For Stroke:

A- Ensure Open Airway, Call For Help         , Perform CPR

B- Check Vital Signs And Keep Person Calm

C- Administer Oxygen

D- All of above correct

Q71- The escape slide could be used as   :

A - flotation device on ditching

B - cannot be disconnected from the girt bar

C - it is not necessary to be removed from the A/C

Q72-- which light signal shall be sent BY the flash light?

A - Circling or vertical motion

B - Circling or vertical motion

C - Circling motion or SOS 3 short 3 long and so on

Q73-To disconnect an escape slide witch steps has to be followed:

A - Left up the flap .pull release handle. Cut mooring line

B - Pull manual inflation handle

C - Pull reentry strap cut mooring line

Q74- when should the first ration of drinking water / food, be given out?

A - After 12 hours

B - After 24 hours

C- After first sign of thirst /hanger

                                                    Page 8 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                           

    Flight safety department                                                               

    PEL SECTION                                                                          

Q75 - In The Event That Power To The Aircraft Cannot Be Provided, It Is Recommended

That Authorization from the COCKPIT Be Obtained To Open Door Using the Following Safety Procedures

A- Open Door As Per Normal Procedures Using Extreme Caution , Attach The Door Barrier Safety Strap Across

    The Door

    B- Aircraft Doors Must Never Be Left Unprotected Once Opened By Cabin Crew.

    C- All The Above

Q76- When Giving A Rescue Breath During (CPR) , Each Breath Should Last About .

    A- Half Second

    B- One Second

    C- Three Seconds

    D- Four Seconds

Q77 - You Should Continue (CPR) Until.

    A- The Person Shows An Obvious Sign Of Life

    B- Another Trained Responder Or     ( EMS ) Personnel Take Over

    C- You Are Too Exhausted To Continue

    D- You Are Too Exhausted To Continue

Q78 - Effective Chest Compressions.

    A- Allow The Chest To Return To Its Normal Position

    B- Are Delivered Fast , About 100 Compressions Per Minute

    C- Are Smooth , Regular And Given Straight Up And Down

    D- All Of The Above

Q79- ICAO Annex 17 States (Security) What Does Security Means?

A- To Safeguard International Civil Aviation Operations

B- To Safeguard International Civil Aviation Operations Against Hi-Jacking

C- To Safeguard International Civil Aviation Operations Against Unlawful Interference

D- To Safeguard International Civil Aviation Operations Against Terrorism

Q80- ICAO Annex 17 States That Each State Is Responsible For Establishing Security At :

A- All Aerial Locations Within The Fir

B- At Each Aerodrome Serving International Civil Aviation

C- All International Airports

D- All International And Commercial Airports

Q81 - When should you give rescue breathing?

A-  Conscious choking victim

B-  Unconscious choking victim

C-  Unconscious, not breathing, but has a pulse

Q82 - The important markings on the package are UN number Shipping name and            quantity:

    A- True.

    B- False.

Q83 - You notice that a child looks panicked and cannot cough, speak or breathe.       What life-threatening

Condition could the child be experiencing?

A- Indigestion.

B- Choking.

C- Poisoning

                                                 Page 9 of 10
Libyan Civil aviation authority                                                         

    Flight safety department                                                                  

          PEL SECTION                                                                  

Q84 - When giving rescue breaths to a child, how should you breathe into the child?

A- Give a breath lasting about 1 second.

B. Give breaths as fast as you can.

C-Give breaths as hard as you can..

D-  Answer B & C are correct .

Q85-what are dangerous goods?

A- Articles or substances which are capable of posing a significant risk to health safety or toProperty when

    transported by air and which are classified according to the regulations.

B- Articles or substances which are capable of posing a significant risk to health safety when transported by air

C- Articles or substances which are capable of posing when transported by air

Q86 -frozen food may NOT be packed in dry ice?

A- True

B- False

Q87 - If the cockpit is equipped with a flight crew compartment door, this door should be:

A- Lockable from within the compartment only

A-  May be locked  and opened from the cockpit and the cabin

B- can be opened by cabin crew from the cabin side only.

Q88- About how many cycles of CPR should you perform in 2 minutes?

A - 1.

B- 3.

C- 4.

Q89 - What is required if security personnel on board are to be armed

A- Agreement with the destination state and inform the PIC

B- Inform the police department at the destination airport

C- Notify PIC that the decision has been made to allow armed persons on board

Q90 - When giving artificial respiration to the injured we take the time:

A- Sec second.

B- 2 second.

C- 2 second.

                                                GOOD LUCK

                                                Page 10 of 10
