Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

WRITTEN QUESTIONS

Page 1 of 3

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q1- In Event of Loss of Electrical Power Which Lighting Systems Will Illuminate in the cabin?

Floor Path Light, Ceiling Light Signs, Over Exit Emergency Light

Q2- states the steps of oven fire procedures:

Switch Off All Electrics, Inform Captain, Take Fire Extinguisher, PBE, Fire Proof Gloves, Open Door Slightly (If Fire

Still Present), Discharge, Close Oven Door.

Q3- What Is the Task of Cabin Crew Prior To Landing?

Ensure Tables Are Stowed/Locked And Seatbacks Are In The Full Upright Position, Securely Fasten Seatbelts And Secure Lap-Held Infants , Open Window Blinds

Q4- What is your action if window crack?

Move passenger a way fasten seat belt inform captain

Q5- what is the easy identification of the crew in case of emergency evacuation?

Uniform jacket / Cap / Power megaphone

Q6- Who is the pax?

Any holder of ticket age 2 years or more

Q7- What are the four types of hijacker?

1- Criminals 2-The mentally unbalanced 3-Refugees 4-Terrorists

Q8-State five emergency equipment:

Power megaphone & fire axe & oxygen bottle & fire extinguisher & manual release tool Smoke hood & smoke goggles & flash light & life jacket & slide raft Q9- defines the wchc handicapped?

A person cannot move by himself and need assistance

Q10-When Passengers Safety Briefing Should Be Contacted.

Pre-Takeoff, Pre-Landing and In Preparation for Emergency Landings

Q11- when the cockpit door open auto?

Only During Decompression

Q12- When the emergency light activated auto?

When A/C loss electrical power

Q 13- What Is the Task of Cabin Crew Prior To Landing?

Ensure Tables Are Stowed/Locked And Seatbacks Are In The Full Upright Position,
Securely Fasten Seatbelts and Secure Lap-Held Infants, Open Window Blinds Q14- What are the elements of fire?

fuel

oxygen

heat

Q15- While you check the crash axe it must be:

It must e sealed in place

Q16- What does the abbreviation ( S.O.S ) stand for ? save our souls. Q17- State five points about the responsibility of the in charge cabin ATT.(purser)? 1-Apply all safety and security standards and procedures. 2-To provide effective leadership for C/A. 3-To ensure the liaison between the flight deck and cabin crew. 4-To under his / her command ensure that C/A apply all safety and security standards and procedures. 5-To report to the captain and management all incidents, safety concerns. Q18- What is the correct use of the water fire extinguisher (H2O) ? Turn handle clockwise all the way, aim at base of fire, press trigger sweep side to side. Q19- The steps to use (E.L.T) rescue 99 on water are) : Unroll lanyards ,attach to life raft, put in water. Q20- When and where life jackets should be inflated ? Adult upon leaving the aircraft .infant during cabin preparation.

Page 2 of 3

Libyan Civil aviation authority Flight safety department PEL SECTION

      
  

Q21- Write down steps 0f how to release an escape slide from the girt bar. Remove flap pull disconnection (white handle)cut mooring line. Q22- State the contents of an ( A/C door). Escape slide container, door control handle, arming system, gust lock, assist handle, observation window, residual pressure indicator ,slide arming indicator. Q23 ­ What are the duties of cabin crew when hearing the evacuation command? When hearing the evacuation command cabin crew duties is to start immediately evacuation passengers from the educate exits . Q 24 ­ When evacuation is required witch command the captain will announce ? If evacuation is required the captain will order the command by activating the EVACUATION ALARMS . Q 25­ How cabin crew communicate the cockpit crew in case of heavy smoke in the cabin ? The cabin crew will communicate the cockpit crew in of heavy smoke by using the interphone communication system. Q 26 ­ The red manual inflation handle of the escape slide is used to ? The red manual inflation of the escape slide is used if it does not inflated automatically by opening the door . Q 27 - What is the purpose of having smoke detector ? Provides a visual and audible warning when smoke density exceeds a predetermined level in the toilets . Q 28 - State the operation instruction of the halon extinguisher? Pull safety pin or safety press catcher seal ­ aim to base of flame ­ press the trigger or squeezed ­ sweep side to side. Q 29 - State the situation which may lead for a quick passengers evacuation during Take-off & Landing ? Acceleration stop ­ run out of runway ­ engine fire ­ bomb alert. Q 30 -What is the evacuation command must be given to passengers to use the Escape slides? Form one line ­ sit and slide or jump and slide Q 31 - What is the objective of the First ­ Aid ? To save patient or victim life ­ to improve the condition of the patient. Q 32 - How cabin crew have to deal in case of a pax is swallowing sharp object ? Give abdominal thrust ( treatment Heimlich man oeuvre). Q 33 ­ How Cabin Crew will recognize " rejected take-off " by ? Engines reverse , vibration , brakes Q 34 - Cabin Crew actions in case of heavy smoke in the cabin ? Make passengers announcement advice them to cover nose and mouth with a piece of cloths and distribute wet towels Q 35 ­ When cabin crew must order pax to "Bend Over and Stay Down " in case of? If the emergency is unprepared the cabin crew must shout to passengers " BEN OVER , STAY DOWN " Q 36 - Witch portable electronic devices are completely prohibited to be use on board the aircraft under any circumstances Radios ­ radio transmitters ­ controlled toys ­ printers ­ laser pointers. Electronic cigar . Q 37 - What are the sequential order of survival activities that a survival needs? Signaling equipment, ELT, first aid , shelters , food , water ect.... Q 38 ­ What are the portable electronic devices allowed to be used on board ? Tape video cassettes , lab-top , electronic agenda , CD player with head set , shavers Cellular to be used according to company policy Q 39 - Who are the occupants of the A/C ? All persons on board : Passengers , Flight crew , Cabin crew , Engineers . Q 40- What is hypoxia ? Deficiency in the amount of lack of oxygen reaching the brain . Q 41- What has to be done to avoid fire in the lavatory ? Check lavatory periodically day or night , before each meal service ,before takeoff and landing and whenever fasten seat-belts sign ON .
GOOD LUCK

Page 3 of 3

